---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards:
  - 1-s-r
  - 3-c-r
  - 9-s-r
---

## Card 1
### Keywords
- Inner clarity
- Re-thinking an idea
- Clouded judgement

### Description
The Ace of Swords reversed indicates that a new idea or breakthrough is emerging from within you, but you are not willing to share it with others just yet. You may still be exploring what this idea means for you and how to best express and manifest it in the external world. You may also seek greater clarity about whether this is an idea you wish to pursue more fully, perhaps because you are unsure if it will bring the results you truly desire. When this card appears in a Tarot reading, it’s important to give yourself time and space to meditate and clear your mind so you can ‘birth’ this idea in the most effective way.

Sometimes, the reversed Ace of Swords can be a signal you have an idea that’s not coming to fruition in the way you had hoped, and it’s time to go back to the drawing board. You may still be pursuing an idea that no longer has any meaning for you. Or you may have too many ideas on the go, and you cannot commit to one course of action. This card invites you to spend more time on defining in plain terms what it is you want in life. Set yourself some SMART goals (specific, measurable, achievable, realistic and time-bound) so you can be clear on what you are working towards. Focus on the basics and do some better planning. Get clear on your aspirations and goals.

The Ace of Swords reversed can also suggest clouded judgement and lack of mental clarity around a specific situation. You are missing relevant information or evidence that will help you decide, so invest your time and energy into seeking out the truth rather than just taking things at face value.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Independence
- Alone time
- Hardcore partying
- ‘three’s a crowd’.

### Description
While the upright Three of Cups is a card of friendship and social events, the reversal of this card suggests that you would prefer to go it alone right now. You may have recently spent a lot of time with others and now just need some alone time. Or perhaps you are no longer ‘clicking’ with some of your friends or a social group and are ready to move on. Or sometimes, you might find yourself on the ‘outer’, excluded from other people’s circles and feeling isolated and alone. Honour your desire to step out of the social scene for a while and enjoy this time by yourself so you can get clear on who you most want to connect with in the future.

If you are involved in a creative project, now may be the time to work independently rather than in a group. The reversed Three of Cups can show that your creativity is being stifled, or you are being forced to conform to the group. You may be part of a tight-knit club that does things a certain way and is not open to innovation or alternative approaches. You need to consider whether you are willing to sacrifice your creative abilities in favour of the group’s desires.

If you are experiencing high levels of stress or you’ve been working hard, the reversed Three of Cups appears as a message to take some time off to recuperate and gain the support of friends before returning to reality. You may have been working so hard that you’ve lost your connection with your friends and family. Now is the time to reconnect and reprioritise their love and support. See this card as a reminder to reconnect with the people you care about, let loose and have a good time, without worrying too much about the consequences.

On the other hand, the Three of Cups reversed may signify overindulgence. You may be out most nights partying, doing drugs or drinking heavily when what you need is balance in your life. Be mindful about the longer-term consequences of your actions and ask yourself whether this lifestyle is sustainable. Take a break from the social scene to regroup and get some much-needed sleep.

When it comes to relationship readings, the reversed Three of Cups can sometimes appear when a third person is involved. You may be involved with someone who is already in a relationship with someone else, whether you know it or not. Look to the other cards for more detail. The Seven of Swords signals a betrayal of trust and possible cheating. If you see the Five of Swords, you likely already know about the other relationship, but you are trying to ignore that it exists. If you see the Devil, consider the nature of the relationship as it is likely to be hedonistic and unhealthy to those involved. It is unlikely that this situation is sustainable as ‘three’s a crowd,’ and something has to give.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Inner turmoil
- Deep-seated fears
- Secrets
- Releasing worry

### Description
The Nine of Swords reversed shows that you are experiencing deep inner turmoil as a result of your mindset. Your negative thoughts are taking you in a downward spiral of despair and anxiety that contradicts reality; you are making things feel much worse than they really are.

You may try to keep your worries private and personal to you, but if you are struggling to keep your head above water, it may now be time to confide in others and seek their help and support. Others will offer you a new perspective, or even just a place to vent, that will ease some of the stress and tension.

The Nine of Swords reversed appears when you are gripped by fear. You are allowing your fears to impede your fullest potential and it is stripping you of your life force. You cannot take a step forward because you are so distressed about what might happen. Get a reality check and evaluate which fears are warranted, and which are not. Release your limiting beliefs, crippling fears, and self-doubt.

The reversed Nine of Swords can also point out that you are incredibly hard on yourself, putting yourself down or engaging in negative self-talk. So, when the Nine of Swords reversed appears in a reading, ask yourself why you are so hard on yourself. How are you putting yourself down, and what is the source of your depression? What can you do to make yourself feel better? You may need to make a more conscious effort to quit the negative self-talk and replace it with positive reinforcement for a job well done.

On a more positive note, the Nine of Swords reversed can show that you have already worked through this period of worry and depression and are making a recovery. You may have come to the realisation that things are not as bad as you made them out to be, and you are beginning to relax and calm yourself about what was once a terrifying situation.

