---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards:
  - 4-c-r
  - 10-w-r
  - m-strength
---

## Card 1
### Keywords
- Retreat
- Withdrawal
- Checking in for alignment.

### Description
The Four of Cups reversed reflects a period of introspection and withdrawal. You are retreating into your own inner world so you can concentrate on what is integral to you and what grounds you. Others may want to spend time with you or invite you out, but you’d prefer to stay in and read a good book or meditate in your sacred space. Just be careful that you don’t shut off your friends and loved ones or appear disinterested in their lives. Let them know you need some alone time and that you’ll reach out again when you’re ready to re-emerge.

If you are feeling withdrawn, don’t force yourself to go out. Just ‘be’ in this space, and when you’re ready, start to re-integrate with the world around you. You won’t be a ‘hermit’ forever – it’s just a temporary state of being. Appreciate it and make the most of it.

You may use this time of introspection to check in with your inner self to make sure your upcoming projects and endeavours are a good fit. Instead of saying ‘yes’ straight away, step back and assess the situation first. That said, be careful that you don’t lose this opportunity as you wait for an answer. Check for an expiry date or deadline and be sure not to miss it.

At times the Four of Cups reversed suggests that you feel uninspired, disillusioned, or disappointed with the world around you. Everything seems hard, and instead of dealing with it head on, you’re choosing to retreat. You may avoid the challenges of the external world hoping that if you step out, the problems will go away. But let’s be real: they will need your attention eventually.

The Four of Cups reversed might mean you are reluctant to open your heart to someone or to express your true feelings, choosing to withdraw and isolate yourself from the other person instead. Be mindful of how this could impact those who are close to you and consider their needs along with your own.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Doing it all
- Carrying the burden
- Delegation
- Release

### Description
When the Ten of Wands reversed appears in a Tarot reading, it is often a sign that you are trying to do too much by yourself. In your effort to be everything to everyone, you have found yourself struggling under the weight of it all. Delegate and share the work – you don’t have to do it alone. And be firm in saying no to the things you know you can’t take on. It is imperative you put your self-care and personal well-being first; otherwise you’ll burn yourself out and be of no help to anyone. It’s just like they say, 'Put on your own oxygen mask first before helping others'.

Similarly, the Ten of Wands reversed suggests that you are carrying a heavy weight on your shoulders, but you are keeping this private and are unwilling to share your burden with others. You may be grappling with emotional trauma, carrying a dark secret, or dealing with increased responsibilities. However, you do not feel comfortable sharing this with others, by talking about it or asking for help. In effect, you are pushing away the people who can help you. It may also be a huge relief to you when you do share some of this burden with others, as they are ready and willing to support you.

Sometimes, the reversed Ten of Wands shows that you are holding on to this burden when you do not need to do so. If you are feeling weighed down by your present circumstances, look at ways you might lighten the load. Can you delegate certain tasks and responsibilities? Are you worrying about matters that do not concern you or cannot be changed? Do not become a martyr and take on more than you can realistically handle. On the positive side, if you are going through a challenging time, then the Ten of Wands reversed assures you that this time will soon pass and you will be able to set down this weight.

You may also be actively identifying those activities that do not bring you any value in your life, and you are releasing yourself from these additional responsibilities. Consider going through a purging process, clearing out old clothes and selling old furniture, to declutter and simplify your life. You will benefit from better organisation and prioritisation and enjoy the lightness that comes with such release.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Strength
- Courage
- Persuasion
- Influence
- Compassion

### Description
The Strength card represents strength, determination, and power – like the Chariot. However, while the Chariot signifies outer strength and will, the Strength card speaks to the inner strength and the human spirit's ability to overcome any obstacle. Strength is about knowing you can endure life’s obstacles. You have great stamina and persistence, balanced with underlying patience and inner calm. You are committed to what you need to do, and you go about it in a way that shows your composure and maturity.

When the Strength Tarot card appears in a reading, you are fuelled by your inner strength, personal power, strong will and determination. You do not rule by trying to control others; you quietly influence and persuade. Others may underestimate your power because it is so ‘invisible’ – but you should see that as an advantage. You can control a situation without excessive, outward force. No one knows it’s you calling the shots.

Your strength gives you the confidence to overcome any growing fears, challenges or doubts. Feel the fear and do it anyway! If you have been going through a rough time and are burnt out or stressed, the Strength card encourages you to find the power within yourself to persevere. You have got what it takes to see this situation through to its eventual end. You’re a loyal friend and a solid supporter, willing to step up and be present when others are in need, and you might also feel compelled to hold space for someone who needs your strength and support.

The Strength card urges you to ‘tame’ your animal instincts, gut reactions, and raw emotions, and channel these initial responses constructively. It’s normal for feelings such as anger, rage, sadness, guilt or shame to arise in certain situations. However, it’s what you do with these emotions that makes all the difference. Now is a time when you need to be conscious of your instinctual urges and bring them into balance with the greater good. This is no time to act out in rage or hatred. Approach your situation from a place of forgiveness, love and compassion. Working with a therapist may also help you create coping strategies for what comes up.

