---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards: 
  - 9-w
  - 2-s-r
  - m-death
---
## Card 1
### Keywords
- Resilience
- Courage
- Persistence
- Test of faith
- Boundaries

### Description
The Nine of Wands comes as a sign that even in the face of adversity, you stand tall and strong. You may be on the edge of exhaustion, but you are resilient, persistent, and ready to do what it takes to get to the finish line.

This card may also come when you feel battered and bruised, having endured significant challenges and struggles along your path. Just when you think you are making progress, you suffer another setback. The Nine of Wands asks you to trust that this is merely a test of your ‘grit’ and resilience, and know that every time you overcome an obstacle, you are getting stronger. You have the inner resources necessary to overcome any difficulty you encounter, even though it may seem impossible at the time. See this Nine as an assurance that you will eventually prosper if you maintain your position. And, if you do not succeed at first, then try again.

The Nine of Wands encourages you to keep pushing – you are so close to the finish line. Even if you want to give up, this is your final challenge before you reach your goal, so don’t let go of your hopes and dreams when you are so close to making them a reality. Stand firm in the face of your challenges, and you will achieve your goal.

Others may try to oppose your plans, make things difficult for you, or even attack you for what you are putting out into the world. Often, they do it because they’re jealous of your success or are projecting their own insecurities and fears on you. Don’t let them get to you. You are a change-maker, and you have a vital message to share in this world. Don’t dim your light because of others’ insecurities.

On a more positive note, you have people who support you. The Nine of Wands invites you to find your cheerleaders and personal bodyguards, those who will protect you from the ongoing challenges and cheer you on to the finish line. Even if others oppose you, you have many more people who support your cause. Let them help you.

Finally, the advice of the Nine of Wands is to establish your boundaries and fiercely protect those lines. If you allowed others to stand in your way or deplete your energy, it is likely that you have not asserted yourself effectively with those people to protect yourself. Get clear on what you need in this situation to be successful and reach your goals, and then communicate those needs to others. On the same note, be aware that too many barriers will prevent others from getting close to you or helping you. Bring your conscious awareness to how you are proactively using boundaries to protect your energy.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Indecision
- Confusion
- Information overload
- Stalemate

### Description
The Two of Swords reversed suggests that you are facing a difficult decision and cannot decide which direction to take. You are caught between a rock and a hard place, and it feels impossible to make the ‘right’ decision as you believe either option will lead to negative consequences. As a result, you are finding yourself feeling stuck and unable to move forward, which is just making the situation worse.

You may also lack the information you need to make a sound decision. Just as the blindfolded woman is closed off to the external world, you may also be closed off to additional information or alternative solutions that could resolve your dilemma. Or, you might be experiencing information overload, overwhelmed by other people’s points of view and a deluge of information. Sift through the advice available to select only the most relevant and helpful.

The reversed Two of Swords is inviting you to listen to your intuition about this difficult decision. You may need to cut off from the external world temporarily so you can hear your inner voice and allow your wisdom to come through. Trust what you know to be true and right for you. Make your decisions based on your own internal compass.

The Two of Swords reversed often represents a stalemate. You may reach an impasse with a friend, loved one, colleague or supplier. The trouble is that all parties involved are refusing to see the situation from the other's perspective and you are butting heads. Remove the blinders and look at the situation from a different angle. Identify where you can come to a compromise. Otherwise, this issue will not move forward.

The reversed Two of Swords may also suggest you are feeling stuck in the middle of two competing sides. You may be trying to play the peacemaker role, but in doing so, you are just confusing yourself and creating more tension. For example, you may attempt to bring two conflicting family members together in the hope of fostering a harmonious family environment, but instead, you end up being the messenger or the dumping ground for each of their concerns. Decide whether you honestly have a role to play and whether you can create peace between the two opposing parties. Otherwise, get yourself out of there!


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Endings
- Change
- Transformation
- Transition

### Description
The Death card is probably the most feared and misunderstood of all the cards in the Tarot deck. Just mention the card’s name and most people freak out, worried they will suddenly keel over and die as soon as this card appears. Relax! The Death card can be one of the most positive cards in the deck.

After a period of pause and reflection with the Hanged Man, the Death card symbolises the end of a major phase or aspect of your life that you realise is no longer serving you, opening up the possibility of something far more valuable and essential. You must close one door to open another. You need to put the past behind you and part ways, ready to embrace new opportunities and possibilities. It may be difficult to let go of the past, but you will soon see its importance and the promise of renewal and transformation. If you resist these necessary endings, you may experience pain, both emotionally and physically, but if you exercise your imagination and visualise a new possibility, you allow more constructive patterns to emerge.

Similarly, Death shows a time of significant transformation, change and transition. You need to transform yourself and clear away the old to bring in the new. Any change should be welcomed as a positive, cleansing, transformational force in your life. The death and clearing away of limiting factors can open the door to a broader, more satisfying experience of life.

The Death card has elements of a sudden and unexpected change. Death happens to everyone, no matter who you are, how much money you have, where you live, or what colour your skin is; it is the same with a significant change. So, the Death card can be a sign you may feel as though you are caught in the path of sweeping change and cannot escape its effects (especially if accompanied by the Tower or the Hanged Man). Although the upheaval may seem unwanted and painful, this massive change could bring with it a series of unexpected surprises that create new opportunities and advantages for you.

Finally, Death is a sign that you need to learn to let go of unhealthy attachments in your life to pave the way to a fuller, more fulfilled life of deeper meaning and significance. Death teaches you to let go of outworn and outgrown ways of life and to move forward from them. This is a perfect card to break a bad habit or pattern of behaviour. See this as a time to cut out excess and let go of what is unnecessary for your life. Purge the old belongings, memories and baggage that are getting in your way.

