---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards:
  - 4-s-r
  - q-p
  - 2-p-r
---

## Card 1
### Keywords
- Exhaustion
- Burn-out
- Deep contemplation
- Stagnation

### Description
The Four of Swords reversed sends a powerful message that you need to take time out to rest and recharge your energy. You may be working long hours, giving your time and energy to others in need, or involved in a highly stressful and demanding undertaking. You are close to exhaustion, and your energy reserves are running low or on empty. If you do not stop and take some much-needed rest now, you may crash and burn-out completely, rendering yourself completely ineffective and unable to help anyone.

The reversed Four of Swords is calling you to withdraw from your external world, and retreat within. Now is time for a social media detox, a weekend escape, or a silent retreat so that you can focus your energy within and find your peace once again. Use daily meditation to calm your mind.

The Four of Swords reversed can show that you are restless and wanting to do everything at once. Even if your body is telling you that you need to rest and relax, your mind may push you forward, trying to carry out a long list of tasks and making you sick or stressed as a result. So it is vital that you force yourself to take it easy to make sure you do not run yourself into the ground. Some ‘busy time’ is OK but be careful not to push it so far that you end up hurting your health and well-being. If you need to rest, rest. Even just a quick ‘nanna nap’ on the weekend or a twenty-minute meditation each day can help to re-balance your energy reserves and get you ready for even more productivity.

The Four of Swords reversed can also represent stagnation and a lack of action leading to increased frustration. For example, a long-term marriage has become spiritually and emotionally empty. You may need to take a break and come back to it when the energy is flowing better.<br /> Similarly, the Four of Swords reversed suggests that you are frustrated with the lack of progress and change in your life. Part of this lack of change may be due to your passive approach. There may have been situations that were frustrating to you or that you were unhappy with but you chose to wait it out and hope that they would eventually change. Now you're feeling the ramifications of that choice.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Nurturing
- Practical
- Providing financially
- A working parent.

### Description
The Queen of Pentacles is the nurturing mother of the material world. At home, she shows her love for others by cooking nutritious meals, maintaining a clean and inviting home, and giving warm cuddles to those who need it most. She is also able to work a full-time job and make a financial contribution to the household, often as the primary breadwinner. She is masterful at taking care of the practical needs of work, home and family, while also giving her love and support to those she cares about.

When the Queen of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, you are embodying the ultimate working parent archetype. You care for your family and domestic responsibilities while also making a living for yourself and creating financial abundance. You can maintain a healthy balance between home and work by integrating the two and finding your place of ‘flow’ and alignment. You strive to create a warm and secure environment for your family and loved ones while giving your love and support freely.

Similarly, the Queen of Pentacles suggests that it is important to you to live independently, with a stable income and with enough time and space to also nurture your loved ones. You may be trying to strike a better balance between your home and work lives, giving it your all in both domains. At the same time, you find time for yourself and prioritise ‘me’ time in between all of your other commitments.

The Queen of Pentacles represents prosperity and security. You have worked hard to generate a level of financial or physical security, which in turn gives you the ability to be generous with others and to share your wealth and abundance with those you love. You have used your financial prosperity to build a comfortable home environment and are as focused on investing in your family as your personal wealth.

This Queen asks you to maintain a compassionate, nurturing, practical and down-to-earth attitude when dealing with others and your present circumstances. Focus on creating a calm and balanced life for yourself. Be resourceful and practical, dealing with issues as they arise using straightforward solutions that fix the problem with minimal fuss.

At times, the Queen of Pentacles may represent a mother figure in your life who can provide you with loving support and nurturing to help you get through the influences of your past. She may be a teacher, a counsellor, a mentor or someone who you are very close to. Alternatively, if you are investing a lot of yourself into nurturing and caring for others and creating an established and comfortable lifestyle, she may represent a part of you.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Over-committed
- Disorganisation
- Reprioritisation.

### Description
In an inverted position, the Two of Pentacles warns that you are overcommitted and, at times, struggling to maintain your overloaded schedule or stay on top of your bills. Others might not see it yet, but the stress is getting to you and you may even catch yourself dropping the ball. Follow this card’s lesson and get organised. You may need to bring more structure to your responsibilities through budgets, to do lists, forward planning or a diary and effective time management. Turn down opportunities that are no longer in alignment with your goals.

The reversed Two of Pentacles can also be a sign you are over-investing in one area of your life at the expense of others. For example, you may excel in your career, but have little time for your family or your partner, leaving them feeling disconnected and alone. While you may get away with a few late nights at work, there will come a time when enough is enough. Something has to give.

The reversed Two of Pentacles invites you to reassess your priorities and goals and decide where you want to spend your time and energy. Distractions are plenty, and it will take every ounce of your concentration to stay true to your goals. Choose the one thing you need to focus on so you can give it your undivided attention and you will reach success.

