---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards:
  - n-s
  - 8-w-r
  - 10-c
---

## Card 1
### Keywords
- Ambitious
- Action-oriented
- Driven to succeed
- Fast-thinking

### Description
As with all Knights of the Tarot deck, the Knight of Swords is a man (or woman) on a mission – once he has his mind set on something, nothing is stopping him. And as a Swords card, this Knight actively uses the power of his intellect to achieve his goals.

When the Knight of Swords appears in a Tarot reading, it is a sign that you are highly driven, ambitious and action-oriented. You are so highly motivated to succeed that you will stop at nothing to pursue your dreams. The challenges, difficulties and obstacles on the path ahead don't faze you because you know where you want to go. Move forward with sheer strength and determination to make things happen.

The Knight of Swords suggests that you are quick to take action and tend not to plan ahead, instead preferring to dive right in. You thrive on high levels of energy that propel you forward and inspire you to take action to manifest your goals.

The Knight of Swords reminds you to be assertive in getting what you want. He doesn’t hang back and wait for something to happen. He is always making the first move and actively pursuing his goals. You can harness this energy in your life too by being proactive and forward-thinking. See yourself as the creator of your future and be ready to take the necessary steps to make it happen.

The downside of the fast-thinking, quick-acting Knight of Swords is that sometimes you act too quickly and haven’t thoroughly thought things through. You may be unaware of potential challenges and issues that will stand in your way, or the unintended consequences of your actions. You may be prone to rushing things or cutting corners to get a job done. Or, you may pursue a specific goal, thinking it is what you want, but later realise that it’s out of alignment or a dead-end. Sometimes a little planning and preparation can go a long way.

The Knight of Swords also represents your need to understand the world from an intellectual point of view. You have well-developed communication skills and can easily form solid arguments and opinions on current affairs and important matters. You love to engage with others who have similar skills so that you can share your ideas and develop new points of view. You may be best suited to discussion groups with like-minded individuals where you can fire each other up and motivate one another.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Delays
- Frustration
- Resisting change
- Internal alignment

### Description
The Eight of Wands reversed suggests that you are charging ahead with an idea or plan, but you need to slow down and consider your next steps before continuing. You may miss something in your haste and be prone to making mistakes or poor decisions. Or, you may rush into things without a clear plan of where you are heading, instead of investing time into trivial tasks. Be careful of the ‘bright shiny object syndrome’ where, just as you get started on implementing one idea, another one comes to mind, and you switch your focus. The trouble is that with this approach, you never accomplish anything because you are jumping from one idea to the next and finishing none of them.

The Eight of Wands reversed can warn that you are resisting change, trying to stop the flow of energy and movement. It will only make things harder, so let go and be in the flow. If you have been feeling stuck, do things differently (new routines, locations, activities) and get the energy moving once again.

The reversed Eight of Wands can mark significant delays, particularly concerning travel or fast-moving plans. Despite having a lot of energy and enthusiasm to progress things forward, you now face multiple obstacles in your course. This is incredibly frustrating, and you may be growing increasingly impatient by the day. Keep looking for alternative ways around the challenges presented so you can carry out your plans. If it’s Mercury Retrograde, expect your plans to be doubly delayed!

Similarly, this card can be a sign to hold off your activities for a short amount of time until the situation becomes more stable and predictable.

On the other hand, the reversed Eight of Wands may be a sign that you are aligning your resources so you can actively pursue your goal. You are getting your life in order – physical health, emotional well-being, energy levels or spirituality – so that you are in an excellent position to move forward with your plans.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Divine love
- Blissful relationships
- Harmony
- Alignment.

### Description
The Ten of Cups embodies happiness, joy, and emotional contentment, particularly in your relationships and family. You have created an abundance of love and happiness in your life, and you now share this love with others, expanding your heart even more. This card often appears when you are surrounded by your loved ones with whom you share a powerful and deep connection. You appreciate and support one another, and together, you help each other reach your highest potential. It brings you so much joy to see your loved ones succeed and live happy lives.

The Ten of Cups is the ‘happy family’ card, suggesting that your family relationships are harmonious and loving right now. No one is fighting or causing any tension; all family members are getting along with each other and sharing in the love and happiness that surrounds you. This card may appear in a reading when you are spending more time with family, perhaps on a holiday, reunion or event, where you can rest and relax together, creating fun and happy family memories and strong bonds.

The Ten of Cups is a positive card for romantic relationships and may indicate either a new and blissful relationship or a long-term commitment, such as engagement, marriage or starting a family together. You share an everlasting love and may believe that you are soul mates destined to be with one another.

When the Ten of Cups pops up in a Tarot reading, you have a sense of wholeness, completion, and alignment in your relationships with others. You are experiencing an idyllic state of peace, harmony and love where your dreams and wishes have come true. Take a moment to step back and appreciate everything you accomplished. You created a life of connection and bliss by following your heart and trusting your intuition.

The Ten of Cups encourages you to follow your heart and trust your intuition to lead you to the opportunities aligned with your Highest Good. Your feelings and emotions will guide you. When something feels fantastic, do more of it; and when something doesn’t feel right, do less of it. Allow your inner guidance to lead the way. Seek out opportunities that fulfil you and align with your personal values instead of following the path that others expect you to take.

