---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards:
  - m-highpriestess-r
  - n-s-r
  - m-judgement
---

## Card 1
### Keywords
- Secrets
- Disconnected from intuition
- Withdrawal and silence

### Description
The reversed High Priestess calls on you to be still and direct your attention inward to listen to your voice and wisdom. You may be swayed by other people’s opinions or swept up in their drama when what you really need to do is focus on what is right for you. It is time to get quiet and withdraw yourself from the external world to observe what your inner guidance is sharing with you now.

Ask yourself: Do I struggle to trust my intuition fully? Perhaps you doubt yourself or feel silly or guilty for listening to your intuition, and as a result, you deny your ability to tune in and receive this potent information. You may also keep your intuitive capabilities hidden from others, fearful of their judgements or opinions. If this resonates, know that your intuition is your superpower, here to guide you and help you. Have faith in the Universe and allow yourself to be in flow with its energies. Surrender and let go.

Think of the High Priestess as the calm centre inside of you that is untouched by your external world and trust that she is always there when you need her. Whenever you worry that things are just getting too crazy, find a quiet space and meditate so you can hear her voice. If you stop thinking or fretting about your issue and instead clear the way for your intuition to speak to you, the answer will follow.

Finally, the secretive nature of the High Priestess may suggest gossip and hidden agendas. Others may be keeping information from you or talking about you behind your back and sharing mistruths. Rather than making assumptions or diving into the depths of paranoia, have an open and honest conversation to surface and address these secrets.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Restless
- Unfocused
- Impulsive
- Burn-out

### Description
The Knight of Swords reversed can appear in a Tarot reading when you are brimming with energy and motivation but cannot effectively channel and release this energy. You are growing restless and frustrated because you want to take action, but something is holding you back. Perhaps the timing isn’t right, you don’t have enough resources, or you’re relying on someone else who isn’t ready. You need to find alternative ways to release this energy. Otherwise, you are going to burst.

Similarly, the Knight of Swords reversed suggests that you have little direction and are making rash and impulsive decisions, pulling others down with you. Your thoughts are scattered, and you are constantly changing your mind. If you are leading others, this can be very confusing and frustrating for all involved. Even if working alone, you may find that your distracting ‘monkey mind’ is getting in the way of your overall success. You may need to apply a single focus; pick an idea and then stick with it until it is complete. It will take mental discipline to see it through – are you up to the task?

The reversed Knight of Swords can also suggest that you need to slow down; otherwise, you are at risk of severe burnout and exhaustion. You want to be involved in everything, but you are not succeeding at anything due to this roving energy. As such, you are accomplishing very little and growing more tired by the day. Take some time out so that you can first ground yourself, gather your thoughts and concentrate on only the top priorities.

Finally, the Knight of Swords reversed indicates that you need to go it alone to build up valuable life experience and maturity. As you search for freedom and independence, it is likely you will make mistakes on your way due to your reckless and impatient nature, but this is all a part of the journey.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Judgement
- Rebirth
- Inner calling
- Absolution

### Description
The Judgement card is calling you to rise up and embrace a higher level of consciousness for the service of your Highest Good. You are experiencing a spiritual awakening and realising that you are destined for so much more. This is your cosmic up-levelling! You hear the call and are ready to act. Tune in to a higher frequency. Let go of your old self and step into this newest version of who you really are.

The Judgement card often indicates that you need to make a life-changing decision, but unlike those associated with the logical Justice card, this decision requires a blend of intuition and intellect. You may be at a crossroads, aware that any choice you make will bring a significant change with long-lasting effects. Tune in to your Higher Self, trust your judgement and know you are on the right path. If you still need clarity on the situation, look to your past and life lessons to guide you.

Judgement pops up in a Tarot reading when you are close to reaching a significant stage in your journey. You have reviewed and evaluated your past experiences and have learned from them. All the pieces of the puzzle of your life are finally coming together to form one, unified picture of your life story. This integration has healed deep wounds, and you are now able to put the past behind you. You have found your absolution, having cleared any wrongdoings or regrets, and releasing any guilt or sadness about the past. This purging process will leave you refreshed and ready to take on any new challenges.

The Judgement card suggests that you may find comfort in sharing your struggles with others within a group environment. There will be others who have experienced something similar and who can show you the way to freedom from your troubles. Let them guide you and help you - rise together.

