---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards:
  - 1-w-r
  - q-p
  - 7-p
---

## Card 1
### Keywords
- An emerging idea
- Lack of direction
- Distractions
- Delays

### Description
The Ace of Wands reversed suggests that you can sense an idea emerging from within but are uncertain what form it will take or how you will manifest it in the world. You may have energy and passion in spades, but you do not yet have a clear outlet to express them. You may be waiting for something else to happen before you pursue this idea. Or, you may prefer to keep your idea private until your confidence kicks in. All of these wonderful ideas are bubbling up, but now you must find a way to harness this creative energy to set you up in the long term.

The reversed Ace of Wands can suggest that you are finding it difficult to define your purpose in life and what you want to create. This lack of direction may sap your energy levels and leave you unmotivated and uninspired. As a result, you are often asking yourself if this is what you want in life and whether there might be something better elsewhere. However, when you think about what other opportunities might appeal, you struggle to know what you want. To remedy this stagnation, you need first to focus on where your true passions lie; there is no point in working towards a goal if it does not motivate you. So, take time to contemplate what it is you aspire to and what you wish to achieve out of this situation.

The reversed Ace of Wands may be a sign that frustrating delays are impeding the progress of your projects and ideas. You are likely to feel very impatient, especially if you are action-oriented and have only just started to gain momentum in your activities. The key message here is: ‘Not now, but maybe later.’ Timing is essential for success, so be patient and wait for the best opportunity to move ahead.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Nurturing
- Practical
- Providing financially
- A working parent.

### Description
The Queen of Pentacles is the nurturing mother of the material world. At home, she shows her love for others by cooking nutritious meals, maintaining a clean and inviting home, and giving warm cuddles to those who need it most. She is also able to work a full-time job and make a financial contribution to the household, often as the primary breadwinner. She is masterful at taking care of the practical needs of work, home and family, while also giving her love and support to those she cares about.

When the Queen of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, you are embodying the ultimate working parent archetype. You care for your family and domestic responsibilities while also making a living for yourself and creating financial abundance. You can maintain a healthy balance between home and work by integrating the two and finding your place of ‘flow’ and alignment. You strive to create a warm and secure environment for your family and loved ones while giving your love and support freely.

Similarly, the Queen of Pentacles suggests that it is important to you to live independently, with a stable income and with enough time and space to also nurture your loved ones. You may be trying to strike a better balance between your home and work lives, giving it your all in both domains. At the same time, you find time for yourself and prioritise ‘me’ time in between all of your other commitments.

The Queen of Pentacles represents prosperity and security. You have worked hard to generate a level of financial or physical security, which in turn gives you the ability to be generous with others and to share your wealth and abundance with those you love. You have used your financial prosperity to build a comfortable home environment and are as focused on investing in your family as your personal wealth.

This Queen asks you to maintain a compassionate, nurturing, practical and down-to-earth attitude when dealing with others and your present circumstances. Focus on creating a calm and balanced life for yourself. Be resourceful and practical, dealing with issues as they arise using straightforward solutions that fix the problem with minimal fuss.

At times, the Queen of Pentacles may represent a mother figure in your life who can provide you with loving support and nurturing to help you get through the influences of your past. She may be a teacher, a counsellor, a mentor or someone who you are very close to. Alternatively, if you are investing a lot of yourself into nurturing and caring for others and creating an established and comfortable lifestyle, she may represent a part of you.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Long-term view
- Sustainable results
- Perseverance
- Investment.

### Description
The Seven of Pentacles shows you understand the value of putting in time and energy now for longer-term rewards and have a strong desire to invest in sustainable results. You are not looking for quick wins. You also want to make sure you are putting your attention on the right areas instead of wasting time and effort on tasks that will not deliver any value.

When this card appears in a Tarot reading, see it as an invitation to step back from the day-to-day operations and look at the bigger picture. Celebrate what you have created and assess your progress so far. Are you on track? Are you focused on the right tasks for your goal?

Similarly, if you are planning for the future, the Seven of Pentacles encourages you to take a long-term view and assess where you can best invest your time and energy for the maximum output. You do not want to keep putting your heart and soul into something if you won’t reap the rewards for your work – and you have undoubtedly seen that some areas in your life are just energy-sappers.

If you have been working hard or putting the extra effort into something challenging and important for the last few months, the endeavour or project is near its culmination. Rest assured, your hard work will pay off. You are likely to see financial or other tangible rewards for all of your hard work.

Sometimes, however, the Seven of Pentacles can indicate frustration with slow results. You have been labouring away at something important, and you may feel concerned that your efforts will go unrewarded. Be patient and appreciate the progress you have made so far. If your work has not yet paid off as planned, remember that your expectations may be unreasonable. There are no guarantees. Be grateful, focus on the present and do what you can with what you have.

