---
question: How can I make the most out of today?
cards:
  - k-s
  - p-s
  - 9-w
---

## Card 1
### Keywords
- Mental clarity
- Intellectual power
- Authority
- Truth

### Description
The King of Swords is a symbol of intellectual power and authority and has the courage and intellect to achieve all that he desires. When this card appears in a Tarot reading, you are in your power, ruling from a place of authority and respect. You stand firm in your truth and express yourself with deep conviction. As a result, others pay attention to what you have to say.

The King of Swords indicates that you have a clarity of mind and can perceive the truth, so it is up to you to take the lead with providing an objective point of view and making decisions based on impartial judgement. You are well-positioned to judge your situation appropriately and identify any limiting behaviours getting in the way. You are also masterful at keeping your emotions in check while you draw upon your intellectual power and mental clarity to ascertain the truth. You cut straight to the point and get to the heart of the matter for maximum efficiency and impact. While you may worry that you are not being particularly caring or sympathetic with others, this detachment is what you need most right now.

The King of Swords encourages you to use your logic and intellect to navigate the path ahead. You will need to make firm and well-researched decisions and stay fair in your dealings with others. You need to be able to take any situation, look at it with total impartiality, and then come to a balanced and insightful decision.

Often, the King of Swords represents a professional advisor, such as a solicitor or attorney, financial adviser or taxation consultant. This advisor has a solid reputation and a vast amount of knowledge in his particular field. He is impartial and will draw upon his experience and his innate understanding of the rules, systems and structures to give you well-researched advice. He may come across as detached or disinterested in your personal circumstances unless it relates specifically to his skillset. This is so he can provide only the most relevant guidance to you. He prides himself on his expertise and qualifications and is likely to charge a high fee for his services. Nonetheless, he offers the rigour and specialist knowledge that you need right now.

If you have not engaged the help of an expert, the arrival of the King of Swords suggests that it may be worthwhile getting legal or financial advice. If you are expecting changes or particular circumstances that will require an expert opinion, you can be on the front foot by seeking help before they happen. That way, when they do roll through, you are ready to demand your rights and find an outcome that benefits you. You may also benefit from finding an advocate or mentor who can provide you with smart advice.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- New ideas
- Curiosity
- Thirst for knowledge
- New ways of communicating

### Description
The Page of Swords is full of energy, passion and enthusiasm. When this card shows up in a Tarot reading, you are bursting with new ideas and plans for the future. You may be excited about starting a new project, pursuing a new approach or learning something new. You have so much energy that you feel as though you could do almost anything – and you can! The challenge, however, is whether you can keep it up. As with all Pages, the beginning always looks promising, but you need something else to follow through and keep up the pace.

The Page of Swords often emerges when you are exploring a new way of thinking – a new idea, a new perspective, new knowledge, or a new technique. You have a curious mind and a thirst for knowledge. As you explore this fresh way of thinking, you are asking lots of questions and gathering as much information as possible. You are also very much in the exploratory phase and not mastery. You may be prone to making mistakes along the way, but your curiosity means that you are eager to learn from your slip-ups.

As the Swords relate to communication, the Page of Swords suggests that you are exploring a different way of expressing yourself with others and communicating your ideas and opinions. You may be drawn to public speaking, writing a book or a blog, starting a podcast, or being more vocal on social media. You are a natural communicator and ready to take the next step to share your message with the world. Again, this is the exploratory phase, so be open to new ways of expressing yourself and discovering where your inner talents lie.

If you are looking for a sign to move ahead with a new project, the Page of Swords says, ‘Go for it!’ There will always be challenges with whatever way you choose, and not everyone will be thrilled with your choices, but when it comes down to it, you need to follow your passions and go where your true energy lies. This Page encourages you to move forward and to get the wheels in motion, despite any challenges or setbacks that might stand in the way.

The Page of Swords can also represent your relationship with a person who is exploring their ability to communicate, share ideas, and gather information. You may have your moments with this Page, as the Swords often express a level of tension or conflict, and this bundle of energy may sometimes prove too much to handle. If you need to, give yourself a break from this person, and return with fresh eyes. They have a lot to share with you, and despite their inexperience, may teach you something about yourself. You need to stay open to their enthusiasm to learn more about the world.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Resilience
- Courage
- Persistence
- Test of faith
- Boundaries

### Description
The Nine of Wands comes as a sign that even in the face of adversity, you stand tall and strong. You may be on the edge of exhaustion, but you are resilient, persistent, and ready to do what it takes to get to the finish line.

This card may also come when you feel battered and bruised, having endured significant challenges and struggles along your path. Just when you think you are making progress, you suffer another setback. The Nine of Wands asks you to trust that this is merely a test of your ‘grit’ and resilience, and know that every time you overcome an obstacle, you are getting stronger. You have the inner resources necessary to overcome any difficulty you encounter, even though it may seem impossible at the time. See this Nine as an assurance that you will eventually prosper if you maintain your position. And, if you do not succeed at first, then try again.

The Nine of Wands encourages you to keep pushing – you are so close to the finish line. Even if you want to give up, this is your final challenge before you reach your goal, so don’t let go of your hopes and dreams when you are so close to making them a reality. Stand firm in the face of your challenges, and you will achieve your goal.

Others may try to oppose your plans, make things difficult for you, or even attack you for what you are putting out into the world. Often, they do it because they’re jealous of your success or are projecting their own insecurities and fears on you. Don’t let them get to you. You are a change-maker, and you have a vital message to share in this world. Don’t dim your light because of others’ insecurities.

On a more positive note, you have people who support you. The Nine of Wands invites you to find your cheerleaders and personal bodyguards, those who will protect you from the ongoing challenges and cheer you on to the finish line. Even if others oppose you, you have many more people who support your cause. Let them help you.

Finally, the advice of the Nine of Wands is to establish your boundaries and fiercely protect those lines. If you allowed others to stand in your way or deplete your energy, it is likely that you have not asserted yourself effectively with those people to protect yourself. Get clear on what you need in this situation to be successful and reach your goals, and then communicate those needs to others. On the same note, be aware that too many barriers will prevent others from getting close to you or helping you. Bring your conscious awareness to how you are proactively using boundaries to protect your energy.

