---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards: 
  - m-magician-r
  - 2-w-r
  - 1-s
---
## Card 1
### Keywords
- Manipulation
- Poor planning
- Untapped talents

### Description
On one level, the reversed Magician shows you are exploring what you wish to manifest, but you are not taking action yet. You are uncertain if you have everything you need and may be unsure about how to make it happen. If you take care of what you intend to manifest, the Universe will work out the how. Stay attuned to your intuition and pay attention to opportunities as they arise. These are like little breadcrumbs that will take you closer to your goal.

If you are already acting on your goal, the reversed Magician can be a sign that you are struggling to see progress or success. Several factors may be at play. Perhaps you have an idea but don’t know what action to take to manifest it. Perhaps you are not clear on your desired outcome so your efforts are misdirected or unfocused. Maybe you have lost touch with your ‘why’, or it wasn’t compelling enough, and now you’re lacking motivation in completing the goal. Or perhaps your end goal is out of alignment with your Highest Good and the Universe is sending you a big “Stop! Go Back!” sign.

At its worst, the reversed Magician signifies greed, manipulation and trickery. You may be masterful at manifesting, but if you are out of touch with your Higher Self, you may only do it for your personal gain and at the expense of others. Sometimes you may fall into this trap unintentionally. If your goals are not coming to fruition or something feels ‘off’, tune into that and asking yourself if you are working for the highest good or solely for your own benefit.

In a career reading, the Magician reversed shows that you have many skills, talents, and capabilities, but your real potential is not being maximised. You may realise that you have so much more to give. Or perhaps you know you are great at something, but you have not allowed yourself the opportunity to nurture and explore this skill. What is impeding you from using these abilities? What needs to change for you to reach your fullest potential?


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Personal goals
- Inner alignment
- Fear of unknown
- Lack of planning

### Description
The Two of Wands reversed encourages you to draw your attention inwards and focus on your personal goals. Consider what is truly important to you and what lights you up. You may have headed in one direction, only to realise it wasn’t in full alignment with your deeper values and purpose. This card invites you to go back to the drawing board and reconnect with your dreams and ambitions, then make the necessary adjustments to your path ahead.

At times, the Two of Wands reversed may indicate that you have a fruitful idea, but lack a clear strategy to move it forward. As a result, you are working haphazardly and inefficiently and not reaching your desired destination as quickly as you would like. As French poet, Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, says, “A goal without a plan is just a wish,” so make sure you have a clear plan in place to manifest your goals. Go back to your original intention, and the energy and enthusiasm you felt at the beginning. Let them guide you to the next step.

If you are at a crossroads about which direction to take to fulfil your dreams, ask yourself: What do I really want? And what’s keeping me from getting it? You may have been opting for the easy path, when it is, in fact, the more difficult one that gives us the best opportunity for growth.

Similarly, the reversed Two of Wands can highlight that you are reluctant to step out into unknown territories despite the enormous potential, instead preferring to stick with what you know. You may be ‘the big fish in the small pond’, enjoying the feeling of success in this safe environment. Reconnect with your vision and why you are here and know that you will need to explore new fields to reach your highest level.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Breakthroughs
- New ideas
- Mental clarity
- Success

### Description
The Ace of Swords marks a wave of new energy from the intellectual realms. You may be on the verge of a significant breakthrough or a new way of thinking that allows you to view the world with clear eyes. Or, you may have a sudden realisation or conscious understanding about an issue that has been troubling you and can finally see the path ahead of you. Meditate regularly to clear away the mental chatter and make the most of this intellectual potential.

See this card as a sign of encouragement. It says your mind is in 'expansion mode’. You are open to embracing new ideas, craving stimulation, and you’ll jump at the next opportunity to learn something new. You thrive on new ideas, inspiration, original thinking and vision, and you are excited to pursue new opportunities that draw upon your creative and intellectual abilities.

When the Ace of Swords appears in a Tarot reading, it tells you that now is an excellent time to start a new project – one that requires your intellect, communication skills and mental power. You may feel inspired to take a writing class, practice your public speaking skills, or get involved in activities that require more brainpower than usual.

How might you draw on this Ace's motivation and take action on your new ideas? As an Ace, you are at the beginning of the journey, but you can sense the energy building up and can’t wait to get started. If you channel this energy into the right moves, then you will succeed in your endeavours. Just remember that the road ahead may be bumpy and you can expect challenges along the way. Maintain a success mindset, and you will navigate these hurdles with ease.

As with all Swords cards, the Ace of Swords represents power; but the sword is a double-edged blade, implying that it can create and destroy. The message is clear: with power comes responsibility. It will be up to you how you leverage the opportunity for the greater good of all rather than for selfish or aggressive power. You will need a strong heart and mind and need to see how to best use your power for the service of others and yourself.

The Ace of Swords also encourages you to pursue the truth of the matter and to find justice. You may champion a cause or stand up for your rights or the rights of others. Or, you may have a new idea for which you are prepared to fight, or you may feel fired up about an issue you are passionate about, such as human rights. You have great clarity on the situation and can now argue your point of view with truth and conviction. In other words, you are ready for battle.

