---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards: 
  - 5-s
  - n-w-r
  - m-star
  - 1-p-r
---
## Card 1
### Keywords
- Conflict
- Disagreements
- Competition
- Defeat
- Winning at all costs

### Description
The Five of Swords turns up when you have had a falling out, disagreement or conflict, and you are walking away with a sense of sadness and loss. You may be upset and resentful over the heated words you said and now wish you could take back. ‘Bad blood’ and a general ‘icky-ness’ hang over you as your relations have turned sour.

Even if you won the argument or came out the apparent victor, you realise that you have lost as much as (or more than) your opponent. This battle has cost you trust, respect or dignity, and isolated you. As you try to pick up the pieces and set the conflict behind you, you find it‘s more difficult than you thought; others have lost faith in you and are keeping their distance. You will need to decide whether your point of view is so important to you that you’re willing to put your relationships in jeopardy, or if you can compromise and see eye-to-eye.

The advice of the Five of Swords is to pick your battles. You may be tempted to fight every conflict to ensure you get your way, to prove that you are right, or defend yourself when you are feeling challenged or threatened. However, most experts agree, choosing your battles wisely is a much better way of life than engaging in every disagreement. Not only will it lead to a more peaceful existence, but your interpersonal relationships are likely to come out stronger.

The Five of Swords can often indicate that you are competing with others on the path to success. You see them as threats to your own happiness, and so you seek to win at any cost.

If you have been engaged in a conflict and can see it taking its toll, the Five of Swords is an invitation to apologise. The longer you brood, or the more you try to prove you were right, the more challenging the relationship will become. Be ready to say you were wrong and make amends. There’s no sense in trying to justify your behaviour; just let it go and move on. Look for common ground with those you have been fighting with, or seek forgiveness so you can put this behind you.

The Five of Swords may also point to failure. It shows that, despite your best efforts, you are likely to be beaten or come out as the loser. If you allow yourself to become disillusioned after such a loss, then you will find yourself on the path to increased ruin and torment. Accept your defeat, and learn from it. Be smarter and wiser next time.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Passion project
- Haste
- Scattered energy
- Delays
- Frustration

### Description
The Knight of Wands reversed may appear when you are actively pursuing a personal passion project or hobby. A fire has been lit within you, and now you are doing everything to move this passion project forward. You have no intention of turning it into a raging success – it is simply for you to enjoy and channel your energy into. For example, you may learn to read Tarot purely because you have an interest in this beautiful, spiritual tool, rather than wanting to become a world-renowned Tarot reader. You are pursuing this passion project with all of your heart because it genuinely lights you up inside.

The Knight of Wands reversed can signal that you are experiencing a considerable build-up of energy but are unsure about how to channel it into the world effectively. You may have a creative restlessness, knowing that you are destined for something ‘big’, but you are restricted from taking action right now. Perhaps there are frustrating delays, insurmountable obstacles or people standing in your way. The tension from within is palpable, and you desperately need to release this creative energy. Look at alternative ways to pursue your passion or manifest your vision. You may need to adjust your path somewhat while staying true to your original idea.

Conversely, the reversed Knight of Wands suggests that you may be acting impulsively, trying to accomplish everything at once. You are rushing from one task to the other, without focusing on the details or ensuring sustainable success. This may appear to work in the short-term, but long-term you could end up burning yourself out or falling short of your goals. Slow down and know that you don’t need to do everything at once.

The Knight of Wands reversed also suggests that you are at risk of acting impulsively, doing or saying things that you may later regret. You want everything to be ‘fixed’ straight away, but you do not allow yourself the time to think through what is best for you. Be careful, too, that you are not reacting instantly to everything that happens. Give your circumstances some space and time before you take action. You may also find yourself feeling frustrated that factors beyond your control are impacting your situation. Again, remind yourself that there will be things that you can control and change as you want to – you just have to find them.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Hope
- Faith
- Purpose
- Renewal
- Spirituality

### Description
As the Star follows the Tower card in the Tarot, it comes as a welcome reprieve after a period of destruction and turmoil. You have endured many challenges and stripped yourself bare of any limiting beliefs that have previously held you back. You are realising your core essence, who you are beneath all the layers. No matter what life throws your way, you know that you are always connected to the Divine and pure loving energy. You hold a new sense of self, a new appreciation for the core of your Being.

The Star brings renewed hope and faith, and a sense that you are truly blessed by the Universe. You are entering a peaceful, loving phase in your life, filled with calm energy, mental stability and more in-depth understanding of both yourself and others around you. This is a time of significant personal growth and development as you are now ready to receive the many blessings of the Universe.

With the Star card, anything is possible and the magic is flowing around you. Your heart is full of hope, and your soul is being uplifted to the highest of highs as you realise that your dreams really can come true. Allow yourself to dream, to aspire, to elevate in any way possible so you can reach the stars. They are right here waiting for you.

You may also want to find or rediscover a sense of meaning, inspiration, or purpose in your life. You are making some significant changes in your life, transforming yourself from the old you to the new you and, in doing so, you are bringing about a fresh perspective: “Out with the old and in with the new!” You are choosing the highest version of yourself. This is a profound spiritual journey that will bring greater meaning and purpose into your life and will renew your inner energy. Strip back any limiting beliefs, facades, or deceptions, and live in your authentic nature. Be open to new ideas and growth, and listen to the still voice within.

The Star also suggests a generous spirit. You want to give or share your wealth with others to help transform their lives. Yours is an open heart, and you now want to give back the blessings you received so that others may benefit.


## Card 4
### Keywords
- Lost opportunity
- Lack of planning and foresight.

### Description
When the reversed Ace of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, you may feel hesitant about moving forward with an offer, invitation or opportunity, particularly one that relates to your career, finances or business. You may catch yourself second-guessing the timing or doubting whether you have what it takes to see it through. Don't move forward until you're ready. Assess the feasibility of your idea and its potential outcomes. Perform your due diligence and figure out if this opportunity is meant for you or not.

The Ace of Pentacles reversed may also be a warning that a financial opportunity – a pay raise, a new job, a loan, or a business offer – could fall through unexpectedly or the other party might retract it without explanation. As the saying goes, “Don’t count your chickens before they hatch!” So, if you get an offer, wait until the money is in your bank account before spending it.

Furthermore, the Ace of Pentacles reversed advises you to be very careful with your expenditures. When the card is inverted, the coin looks as though it's about to fall out of the magical hand. Now is not the time to get in over your head or take on any obligations with huge monthly repayments. Do not rely on the promise of a financial opportunity in the future (like a pay raise or a gift) either. Be pragmatic and allow a bit of ‘fat’ in your budgeting in case you are without employment or have a large and unexpected financial outlay.

At times, the reversed Ace of Pentacles suggests that you are trying to manifest your goals but keep running into delays and other impediments. If you're having limited success, then you may need to revise your proposed approach. Do you need to realign your goals to something more realistic? Financial or other professional advice may be necessary to help you get back on track.

If you are looking to start a new business or take up a new job offer, the reversed Ace of Pentacles warns of a significant risk due to lack of planning and foresight. Do not charge ahead without validating whether the market has a need for your services. Spend a bit more time in the planning stage and give ample consideration to the financial aspects of your new venture.

