---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards: 
  - 5-p
  - 3-w-r
  - 2-p
  - 8-p-r
---
## Card 1
### Keywords
- Financial loss
- Poverty
- Lack mindset
- Isolation
- Worry.

### Description
The Five of Pentacles is a card of financial loss and poverty. You have hit hard times, especially when it comes to your work, career, finances, and material possessions. You may have recently lost your job, your home, or your financial security. You no longer feel safe because it has all been stripped away from you in one blow. Your ego may also be bruised, especially since success often correlates to financial wealth; losing either can be a humbling blow to your self-esteem and sense of self-worth. The upside is that this is a Minor Arcana card with temporary effects (rather than a Major Arcana card which has a longer-term impact). This, too, shall pass.

In this time of need, the Five of Pentacles indicates that you feel isolated and alone. Just like the two people in the card, you feel as if you have been left in the cold. You may wonder, “Why is no-one coming to help me!?” It may appear as if no one cares anymore. However, since the windows in the church are lit up, help is nearby; but you are too focused on your problems to notice. You may be waiting for someone to come and help you when really, you need to be proactive and ask for help. You need to swallow your pride or let go of your fear of rejection and reach out. People are here to support you. Find them and let them know you need them.

At times, the Five of Pentacles highlights a ‘lack mindset’. You are sabotaging your ability to create abundance because you only focus on what you lack. All you can see is what is going wrong. To shift this energy, look for evidence of what you do have, even if it’s very small or seemingly insignificant, and express your gratitude for those blessings in your life. Over time, the positive aspects will continue to grow and soon, ‘lack’ and ‘not having’ will be a thing of the past.

Similarly, the Five of Pentacles suggests that you fear you don’t have ‘enough’ or you may lose something important to you – even if it hasn’t happened yet or is unlikely. For example, you may live in fear that you will lose your job and will be left in the streets with no home and no support. If you stay focused on all the negative things that might happen, then be careful, because your manifesting powers may start to create the outcomes that you don’t want. Instead, redirect your attention to what you have now and what you want in the future, so your manifesting powers get used for good.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Playing small
- Lack of foresight
- Unexpected delays

### Description
The Three of Wands reversed suggests that growth and expansion are available to you, but you are choosing to play it safe and stay within your comfort zone. As a result, you are closing yourself off from new opportunity and limiting your potential. What’s holding you back? It’s time to spread your wings and fly.

The Three of Wands reversed indicates that you have attempted to embark on your journey of personal development but did not accomplish your goals. Unexpected delays and creative blockages might have popped up on your path. There is disappointment, frustration and a general feeling that you may have just wasted your time by even starting on this path. What you might not realise, however, is that these setbacks are an essential part of your life’s journey and contribute to your personal evolution.

Similarly, the reversed Three of Wands can indicate that your plans might come to a grinding halt with unexpected delays and other frustrating obstacles. You may need to wait on others to complete a task, or you have under-estimated how much time the work involves. When planning, add buffer time, so external problems don‘t adversely affect you.

You may also struggle to put your plans into action and are now feeling worried that you have over-committed yourself. It’s possible that you did not adequately prepare for the challenges on your path, or you were unrealistic about the risks associated with your plans. Break down your ideas into smaller tasks to make them more manageable and realistic. Conduct a risk assessment ahead of time to understand what difficulties you might face and then create strategies to avoid or minimise those risks.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Multiple priorities
- Time management
- Prioritisation
- Adaptability.

### Description
When the Two of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, it’s safe to say you are juggling your priorities, roles and responsibilities. For example, you may be a working parent, a general manager of a business, an administrative assistant in a busy office, or someone who works multiple jobs. In the upright position, this card notes you are doing an excellent job of balancing these different priorities, and you can take on whatever life throws at you; but this Two reminds you that the line between coping with these demands and losing control is thin. You need to manage your time, energy and resources carefully so you do not lose your balance.

The Two of Pentacles often appears when you are busy, rushing from one thing to the next, with little downtime in between. You may tell yourself that you haven‘t got enough time or you’re in a rush. However, remember that you don’t have to be busy to get things done. Sometimes taking a break is the most productive thing you can do. Similarly, the Two of Pentacles can appear when you are getting caught up in the day-to-day demands and losing sight of the bigger picture. If this resonates, ask yourself: What life do I want? And how can I reorganise my schedule to create the life I desire?

The Two of Pentacles invites you to manage your time and your priorities carefully. Your workload is high right now, and to get everything done, you need to stay focused and productive. You may benefit from a ‘to do’ list, better calendar management and a stricter schedule. You may even enlist the support of an assistant or business coach to help you make the right changes. Basic time management is crucial to your ability to juggle these various priorities and keep your head above water. This card also reminds you to pay special attention to your general administration, including paying bills managing finances, staying on top of your commitments and maintaining your diary. Be careful that you do not miss important deadlines, meetings and other obligations.

This card calls your awareness to the concept of balance and those parts of your life where you have it (and those where you don’t). While you can strive for equilibrium, nothing ever stays in perfect harmony. For example, stabilising your work and family commitments sounds fantastic, but in reality, your family might be more high-priority one week, and work the next. So, when the Two of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, see it as a reminder to be patient, flexible and adaptable as you try to juggle your responsibilities with your family, friends, work, finances, health and new challenges. Be ready to swap around activities or accommodate last-minute requests. And know that if you are succeeding in one area of your life, it’s likely you’re struggling in another – that’s just a part of the balancing act!


## Card 4
### Keywords
- Self-development
- Perfectionism
- Misdirected activity.

### Description
The reversed Eight of Pentacles can appear in a Tarot reading when you are focused on self-improvement and personal development. You are highly disciplined and focused when it comes to understanding your inner beliefs and behaviours, and you are dedicated to becoming the best version of yourself. You may have certain ‘rules’ such as only allowing yourself to think a negative thought for 17 seconds (knowing that after this amount of time it begins to have an increasingly negative impact on your well-being), or recalling three things you’re most grateful for before you go to sleep at night. You are ready and willing to do these things over and over until you see results with your well-being and general happiness.

Alternatively, the Eight of Pentacles reversed may indicate that you are focused on creating perfection, but to your detriment. When you focus on every tiny detail, you lose sight of the bigger picture and why you're doing the task in the first place. Similarly, your need for perfection may be getting in the way of your ability to adapt and change. You may like to have things done in a certain way, but what if the circumstances change? Can you adapt, or does it throw you into a tailspin? Know that perfection is a myth and surrender to the art of imperfection.

The reversed Eight of Pentacles suggests that you are working very hard on a project, but it is not leading to the desired outcome. Instead, you’re feeling frustrated and disappointed by the lack of success and progress. You may be lacking the skills and talent that is necessary to be successful and it simply isn’t for you. Or you might be keeping yourself busy with small tasks, but struggling to make progress towards your bigger goals. It is time to take a step back and assess whether you are indeed focused on the right things, or if you need to shift your focus to bring your activities back in alignment with your broader goals.

