---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards: 
  - 10-s-r
  - m-hangedman-r
  - 9-p-r
---

## Card 1
### Keywords
- Recovery
- Regeneration
- Resisting an inevitable end

### Description
The Ten of Swords reversed indicates that you are combating an inevitable change or ending because you are not ready to face up to what is happening. However, the more you resist, the more this situation will continue to drag on, so it’s time to rip off the bandage (however painful that might be) and get this over with so you can start fresh. Trust that everything is happening for a reason and even though it may be difficult to understand what you are going through, know it is leading to your personal growth and regeneration in the long-term.

Similarly, the Ten of Swords reversed may represent an old situation that ended badly. You are still carrying around wounds from it but have buried them so deeply that you do not realise they are still present (and hurting you). These old pains need to be dealt with once and for all. It may be difficult to delve back in, but it's the only way to release yourself of this pain and allow it to pass from your life.

The reversed Ten of Swords encourages you to re-evaluate your circumstances and let go of any aspect of your life that is no longer serving you. Rather than dwelling on your painful past, it is essential to look ahead and realise how these events free you up to reshape your life and choose a new direction for yourself. You can free yourself of your past and create a new sense of self.

Finally, the Ten of Swords reversed can appear as a welcome sign that the pain and sadness you have been feeling is ending. When upside-down, the swords in the man’s back look to be falling out, releasing him of the pain and hurt he has been suffering. You are releasing the memories of the past and allowing yourself the opportunity to move forward with a sense of renewal and hope for the future.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Delays
- Resistance
- Stalling
- Indecision

### Description
The upright Hanged Man encourages you to pause for a moment and see things from a different perspective. Reversed, this card can show that you know you need to hit the pause button, but you are resisting it. Instead, you fill your days with tasks and projects, keeping busy and distracting yourself from the actual issue that needs your attention. Your spirit and body are asking you to slow down, but your mind keeps racing. Stop and rest before it’s too late. The Universe will only dial up the volume if you ignore it, and as a result, you may end up crashing. So, as soon as you hear the call, clear your schedule and make the space so you can tune in and listen.

You may already be in a position where everything has been put on hold, much to your frustration. The reversal of the Hanged Man can indicate a time when you’re getting blocked, stuck or restricted because other people or other circumstances have left you on hold. While you feel resistant, it’s important that you surrender to ‘what is’ and let go of your attachment to how things should be. Be in flow with life, even if it’s not as you expected it (seriously, when does it ever go exactly as you expected!?), and loosen your grip.

If your life has already been on pause for a period, the reversed Hanged Man may come as a positive sign that you can now move forward with a new perspective and a renewed sense of energy. You may find that events line up with more ease and flow, and you’re ready to go again. There may have been a break-through or stark realisation about how you need to do things differently. You’re prepared to make those changes and move ahead with a new mindset.

In a reading where a relationship is on hold, the Hanged Man reversed suggests that you are content to wait around… to a point. You realise that this relationship will evolve and, due to its complexities, you cannot rush it. However, you also do not want to wait forever, and you acknowledge that there will come a time when you must decide.

The reversed Hanged Man can also signal that you are stalling a decision or action. You may think you’re waiting until you feel 100% ready – but guess what? You’re probably never going to be 100% ready. So, what are you waiting for? Take the leap! Make that decision! Do it before the Universe decides it can’t wait for you.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Self-worth
- Over-investment in work
- Hustling.

### Description
The reversed Nine of Pentacles is all about self-worth. When you see this card in a Tarot reading, take the opportunity to reflect on your own sense of self-worth and value.

On the one hand, you may question whether you are ‘enough’ – whether your skills are valuable, whether you can charge higher prices or ask for a pay raise, or whether you can attract the right people into your life. You may be under-charging for your services, working for free or accepting a lower salary than you should. Know that you deserve to be wealthy in all facets of the word.

On the other hand, you may focus on increasing your sense of self-worth. Invest in yourself – get a wardrobe makeover, learn a new skill to enhance your career or take a personal development course. Practice self-love. Even if you are reluctant to spend money on yourself, know you can indulge in life’s luxuries, particularly if it makes you feel good and ‘worth it’. You ARE enough. You are more than enough. You are AMAZING!

Sometimes, the reversed Nine of Pentacles can appear when you are so busy working and hustling that you have no time or energy to enjoy the fruits of your labour. For example, in an effort to build wealth, you may work 70-hour weeks with no time for breaks, missing out on the opportunity to enjoy the riches you’re creating. Know where the limit is with wealth creation – at some point, you need to stop and smell the luxurious bouquet of long-stemmed roses. Remember what is truly important to you. Now may be a good time to retreat to a natural setting (a forest, beach, mountain or lake) to restore your energies and rejuvenate yourself.

Similarly, the reversed Nine of Pentacles suggests that you may need to release some of your need for a particular income or standard of living, especially if it gets in the way of other life priorities such as family or relationships. You may think you need the best of everything but, really, all you need is your family and loved ones around you. Do not be afraid to take a cut to your income for a short time or to reduce your hours at work… even if this means you have to eat rice and beans each night for a week to make up for it! It is vital that you focus on what is most important to you. Finances may need to come second, and while you need to at least put food on the table, there may be areas where you can cut back and reduce your dependence on material wealth.

