---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards:
  - 7-p
  - 1-w-r
  - k-p
---

## Card 1
### Keywords
- Long-term view
- Sustainable results
- Perseverance
- Investment.

### Description
The Seven of Pentacles shows you understand the value of putting in time and energy now for longer-term rewards and have a strong desire to invest in sustainable results. You are not looking for quick wins. You also want to make sure you are putting your attention on the right areas instead of wasting time and effort on tasks that will not deliver any value.

When this card appears in a Tarot reading, see it as an invitation to step back from the day-to-day operations and look at the bigger picture. Celebrate what you have created and assess your progress so far. Are you on track? Are you focused on the right tasks for your goal?

Similarly, if you are planning for the future, the Seven of Pentacles encourages you to take a long-term view and assess where you can best invest your time and energy for the maximum output. You do not want to keep putting your heart and soul into something if you won’t reap the rewards for your work – and you have undoubtedly seen that some areas in your life are just energy-sappers.

If you have been working hard or putting the extra effort into something challenging and important for the last few months, the endeavour or project is near its culmination. Rest assured, your hard work will pay off. You are likely to see financial or other tangible rewards for all of your hard work.

Sometimes, however, the Seven of Pentacles can indicate frustration with slow results. You have been labouring away at something important, and you may feel concerned that your efforts will go unrewarded. Be patient and appreciate the progress you have made so far. If your work has not yet paid off as planned, remember that your expectations may be unreasonable. There are no guarantees. Be grateful, focus on the present and do what you can with what you have.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- An emerging idea
- Lack of direction
- Distractions
- Delays

### Description
The Ace of Wands reversed suggests that you can sense an idea emerging from within but are uncertain what form it will take or how you will manifest it in the world. You may have energy and passion in spades, but you do not yet have a clear outlet to express them. You may be waiting for something else to happen before you pursue this idea. Or, you may prefer to keep your idea private until your confidence kicks in. All of these wonderful ideas are bubbling up, but now you must find a way to harness this creative energy to set you up in the long term.

The reversed Ace of Wands can suggest that you are finding it difficult to define your purpose in life and what you want to create. This lack of direction may sap your energy levels and leave you unmotivated and uninspired. As a result, you are often asking yourself if this is what you want in life and whether there might be something better elsewhere. However, when you think about what other opportunities might appeal, you struggle to know what you want. To remedy this stagnation, you need first to focus on where your true passions lie; there is no point in working towards a goal if it does not motivate you. So, take time to contemplate what it is you aspire to and what you wish to achieve out of this situation.

The reversed Ace of Wands may be a sign that frustrating delays are impeding the progress of your projects and ideas. You are likely to feel very impatient, especially if you are action-oriented and have only just started to gain momentum in your activities. The key message here is: ‘Not now, but maybe later.’ Timing is essential for success, so be patient and wait for the best opportunity to move ahead.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Wealth
- Business
- Leadership
- Security
- Discipline
- Abundance.

### Description
The King of Pentacles represents material wealth, financial abundance, and worldly success. This King is a faithful provider; he uses his ambition and confidence to create wealth for himself and others and generates his self-worth from what he has accumulated and can share with others. He is also a fatherly figure who provides others with advice, guidance and wisdom, especially in financial and work-related matters.

When the King of Pentacles appears in a Tarot reading, you are confident and successful at attracting and managing wealth. Not only do you identify opportunities for growth and success, but you also draw upon your self-discipline and control to manage your wealth and invest it wisely for the long-term.

The arrival of the King of Pentacles indicates that you can translate your vision into something tangible, practical, and often very lucrative. You are the ultimate business owner. You do not merely come up with ideas and hope for the best – you work hard to map out your plan of attack, gather your resources and manifest your goals, often with tremendous success. You are like King Midas: everything you touch turns to gold. When you apply yourself to your vision, you create huge success, particularly on a financial level. Money flows easily and abundantly to you, and as you sit at the pinnacle of your economic power and influence, you can rest assured of your continued prosperity. You no longer struggle to achieve what you desire, like the Page and the Knight, nor do you have any need to prove yourself.

The King of Pentacles often indicates the final fulfilment of a creative task, a business venture or investment. Through diligence, responsibility and attention to detail, you have achieved great things and can finally say that you have completed your task or attained your goal. You can now enjoy all that you have accomplished and the successes you have created. You have created a rich life, not just financially but also spiritually, which will set you up well for the future.

The King of Pentacles knows that a methodical, planned and well-thought-out approach will lead you to success. You have experimented in the past with what works best and have landed on your own methods and practices you know will continue to work for you in the future. Continue down this path rather than trying new ways of doing things. You do not need to take any more risks.
