---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards: 
  - 10-w-r
  - p-c-r
  - m-tower
---
## Card 1
### Keywords
- Doing it all
- Carrying the burden
- Delegation
- Release

### Description
When the Ten of Wands reversed appears in a Tarot reading, it is often a sign that you are trying to do too much by yourself. In your effort to be everything to everyone, you have found yourself struggling under the weight of it all. Delegate and share the work – you don’t have to do it alone. And be firm in saying no to the things you know you can’t take on. It is imperative you put your self-care and personal well-being first; otherwise you’ll burn yourself out and be of no help to anyone. It’s just like they say, 'Put on your own oxygen mask first before helping others'.

Similarly, the Ten of Wands reversed suggests that you are carrying a heavy weight on your shoulders, but you are keeping this private and are unwilling to share your burden with others. You may be grappling with emotional trauma, carrying a dark secret, or dealing with increased responsibilities. However, you do not feel comfortable sharing this with others, by talking about it or asking for help. In effect, you are pushing away the people who can help you. It may also be a huge relief to you when you do share some of this burden with others, as they are ready and willing to support you.

Sometimes, the reversed Ten of Wands shows that you are holding on to this burden when you do not need to do so. If you are feeling weighed down by your present circumstances, look at ways you might lighten the load. Can you delegate certain tasks and responsibilities? Are you worrying about matters that do not concern you or cannot be changed? Do not become a martyr and take on more than you can realistically handle. On the positive side, if you are going through a challenging time, then the Ten of Wands reversed assures you that this time will soon pass and you will be able to set down this weight.

You may also be actively identifying those activities that do not bring you any value in your life, and you are releasing yourself from these additional responsibilities. Consider going through a purging process, clearing out old clothes and selling old furniture, to declutter and simplify your life. You will benefit from better organisation and prioritisation and enjoy the lightness that comes with such release.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- New ideas
- Doubting intuition
- Creative blocks
- Emotional immaturity.

### Description
The reversed Page of Cups suggests that you are keeping your creative inspirations and ideas secret. You may worry that others will steal your idea or tell you it’s destined to fail. Instead, you are choosing to keep your plans private so you can develop them further without the influence of others. You may want to wait until you’ve moved out of the conceptual stage before sharing it with others.

With the Page of Cups reversed, you may feel called to pursue a new creative project, but you doubt whether you can really make it work. Your inner critic may be on over-drive or others are telling you that you’re dreaming – so you are stalling and holding back. Ask yourself, “What have I got to lose here?” So what if the idea fails? Isn’t it better to try something and fail than never do it and wonder for the rest of your life what might have happened? And what if you didn’t fail? What if you were to succeed? Again, listen to your intuition to understand if fear is getting in the way and whether it’s time to just give it a go regardless of the outcome.

It is possible that you may experience a creative block when the reversed Page of Cups pops up in a reading. There is an aspect of your Self that wants to be expressed, but for whatever reason, you are holding back. You may worry whether your creativity will lead you in the direction you want, or whether it has value in this world. Or, you may feel ‘stuck’ when it comes time to express yourself creatively, and you don’t know how to bring this side of yourself out into the external environment. The ideas are there, but you are having trouble figuring out how to make them into reality.

If you are exploring your intuition, the reversed Page of Cups can suggest that you are encountering a lot of doubt. You are trying hard to listen to your intuition, but when the messages come through, you are left wondering if it’s your inner guidance or your ego. Open yourself to your intuition and see where it takes you.

At times, the reversed Page of Cups can show someone who is emotionally immature – perhaps someone dramatic, who over-shares and takes their vulnerability a little too far. This may be someone who is prone to emotional tantrums when they do not get their way. Or it may be someone who is overly dreamy about their future and who is not grounded in reality. Some call it the 'Peter Pan Syndrome', in which an adult does not want to grow up and instead remains a child for the rest of their lives.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Sudden change
- Upheaval
- Chaos
- Revelation
- Awakening

### Description
When the Tower card appears in a Tarot reading, expect the unexpected – massive change, upheaval, destruction and chaos. It may be a divorce, death of a loved one, financial failure, health problems, natural disaster, job loss or any event that shakes you to your core, affecting you spiritually, mentally and physically. There’s no escaping it. Change is here to tear things up, create chaos and destroy everything in its path (but trust me, it’s for your Highest Good).

Just when you think you’re safe and comfortable, a Tower moment hits and throws you for a loop. A lightning bolt of clarity and insight cuts through the lies and illusions you have been telling yourself, and now the truth comes to light. Your world may come crashing down before you, in ways you could never have imagined as you realise that you have been building your life on unstable foundations – false assumptions, mistruths, illusions, blatant lies, and so on. Everything you thought to be true has turned on its head. You are now questioning what is real and what is not; what you can rely upon and what you cannot trust. This can be very confusing and disorienting, especially when your core belief systems are challenged. But over time, you will come to see that your original beliefs were built on a false understanding, and your new belief systems are more representative of reality.

The best way forward is to let this structure self-destruct so you can re-build and re-focus. And let’s be real – with a card like the Tower, you have no choice but to surrender to the destruction and chaos, no matter how unwanted or painful. Change on this deep level is hard, but you need to trust that life is happening FOR you, not TO you and this is all for a reason. This destruction will allow new growth to emerge and your soul can evolve.

After a Tower experience, you will grow stronger, wiser and more resilient as you develop a new perspective on life you did not even know existed. These moments are necessary for your spiritual growth and enlightenment, and truth and honesty will bring about a positive change, even if you experience pain and anxiety throughout the process.

Thankfully, the Tower doesn’t always associate with pain and turmoil. If you are highly aware and in tune with your inner guidance system, then this Tarot card can indicate a spiritual awakening or revelation. You may be able to see the cracks forming and take action before the whole structure comes tumbling down. You may create a massive transformation before you reach the point where change is your only option. In its most positive form, the Tower card is your opportunity to break free from the old ways of thinking that have been holding you back.

