---
question: What do I need to know about today?
cards: 
  - m-world
  - 8-w-r
  - 5-s-r
---
## Card 1
### Keywords
- Completion
- Integration
- Accomplishment
- Travel

### Description
When the World card appears in a Tarot reading, you are glowing with a sense of wholeness, achievement, fulfilment and completion. A long-term project, period of study, relationship or career has come full circle, and you are now revelling in the sense of closure and accomplishment. This card could represent graduation, a marriage, the birth of a child or achieving a long-held dream or aspiration. You have finally accomplished your goal or purpose. Everything has come together, and you are in the right place, doing the right thing, achieving what you have envisioned. You feel whole and complete.

Now, the World card invites you to reflect on your journey, honour your achievements and tune into your spiritual lessons. Celebrate your successes and bask in the joy of having brought your goals to fruition. All the triumphs and tribulations along your path have made you into the strong, wise, more experienced person you are now. Express gratitude for what you have created and harvested. Finally, make sure you don’t rush into the next big project; celebrating your journey will set you up for success when you are ready for your next challenge.

If you have not quite reached this point of completion, then you are very close! You may still need an added level of understanding to graduate to a higher level and enjoy real success. Look back at your past experiences and acknowledge how far you have come and what you learned along the way. It may surprise you to look back at your progress and see how much you achieved. This reflection may also be what you need to bring your project to its final stages.

If loose ends still remain, the World card asks you to bring them to completion. In doing so, you will clear the space for new beginnings and opportunities to emerge.

More literally, the World can mean world travel, particularly on a large scale. You may be lucky enough to embark on a six-month overseas trip, or are working, studying or living overseas for an extended period. This card reinforces Universal understanding and global awareness, and you will find a new appreciation for people and cultures from across the world.


## Card 2
### Keywords
- Delays
- Frustration
- Resisting change
- Internal alignment

### Description
The Eight of Wands reversed suggests that you are charging ahead with an idea or plan, but you need to slow down and consider your next steps before continuing. You may miss something in your haste and be prone to making mistakes or poor decisions. Or, you may rush into things without a clear plan of where you are heading, instead of investing time into trivial tasks. Be careful of the ‘bright shiny object syndrome’ where, just as you get started on implementing one idea, another one comes to mind, and you switch your focus. The trouble is that with this approach, you never accomplish anything because you are jumping from one idea to the next and finishing none of them.

The Eight of Wands reversed can warn that you are resisting change, trying to stop the flow of energy and movement. It will only make things harder, so let go and be in the flow. If you have been feeling stuck, do things differently (new routines, locations, activities) and get the energy moving once again.

The reversed Eight of Wands can mark significant delays, particularly concerning travel or fast-moving plans. Despite having a lot of energy and enthusiasm to progress things forward, you now face multiple obstacles in your course. This is incredibly frustrating, and you may be growing increasingly impatient by the day. Keep looking for alternative ways around the challenges presented so you can carry out your plans. If it’s Mercury Retrograde, expect your plans to be doubly delayed!

Similarly, this card can be a sign to hold off your activities for a short amount of time until the situation becomes more stable and predictable.

On the other hand, the reversed Eight of Wands may be a sign that you are aligning your resources so you can actively pursue your goal. You are getting your life in order – physical health, emotional well-being, energy levels or spirituality – so that you are in an excellent position to move forward with your plans.


## Card 3
### Keywords
- Reconciliation
- Making amends
- Past resentment

### Description
The Five of Swords reversed speaks for those times when you’ve tried to argue to the end, only to realise that you’ll lose no matter what. You’ve been pushing and pushing, but whoever is on the other end is not listening. And no doubt they feel the same. You’re both fighting to win, at the expense of the other person. And when you’re in this oppositional posture, you end up feeling awful – win or no win.

As a card of conflict, tension and disagreement, the Five of Swords reversed shows that you want this period of fighting to be over so you can forgive and forget, and then focus your energies on more constructive activities such as restoring your relationship back to normal. You realise that there can only be losers in this battle and want to move on.

At times, the Five of Swords reversed can express conflict in your life that you have tried to walk away from but which continues to follow you. For example, there may still be an ex in your life making things difficult and who may prevent you from moving on to new relationships. So long as conflict, tension and raw emotion are at play, avoid this person or situation.

Similarly, the reversed Five of Swords can suggest that an old wound has been re-opened and you are experiencing the fear and tension associated with that memory. You may be particularly worried that history might repeat itself or that you could be hurt again. Aim to forgive and forget so you can indeed move on.

There may be residual resentment following a recent or past argument with someone close to you. You have had some very challenging and heated conversations together, and you still harbour negative emotion from these discussions. If the conflict remains unresolved and unaddressed, it may be impacting your ability to create a harmonious relationship.

The Five of Swords reversed suggests that after a period of conflict, you are ready to move forward with your life and create positive change. Bring your energy back within and ground yourself. Come back to that beautiful, soulful person you are and ask yourself: how can I help create a win-win solution here? It may mean a compromise, or it might be time to move on with your life. This is your opportunity to apologise, ask for forgiveness, and make amends so you can move on and create a more fertile ground for new ideas and collaboration.

